README.md, before:

SOAP/JSON-RPC Adapter
=====================

This tool provides a solution for JSON-RPC clients to use SOAP Web services. The solution is designed as a group of Java servlets to run under Apache Tomcat. It consists of the *manager* servlet and one or more, independent *adapter* servlets.


The manager
-------

The manager is a Web interface similar to the Apache Tomcat’s HTML Manager. The developer can access the manager using username and password and then deploy, start, stop, reload or undeploy adapters. To deploy an adapter the developer selects the template WAR file of the adapter, enters a name for the adapter instance and the URL of the respective WSDL.


The adapter
-------

The adapter converts incoming JSON-RPC requests to SOAP requests and invokes the Web service. The SOAP responses from the Web service will be converted to JSON-RPC responses by the adapter and sent back to the client. The adapter generates JSON-RPC responses with the `error` object if an error occurs. It maps SOAP Faults to JSON-RPC responses with `error` objects. 

Furthermore, the adapter provides a workorund for SOAP Headers since many enterprise Web services often require a Header element in SOAP messages for authentication but JSON-RPC does not specify a similar element. For this purpose, the adapter expects a designated key `“SOAP-HEADER”` under `params` of the JSON-RPC request. The content of a SOAP Header should be stored there.  The remaining contents of `params` are the method parameters as usual. So, the clients should comply with this practice of the adapter and convey JSON-RPC requests of such structure. In case the Web service replies with a SOAP Header in the response, the adapter stores its contents under the `“SOAP-HEADER”` of the `result` in the JSON-RPC response. 

The adapter in its current state functions with SOAP 1.1, WSDL 1.1 and JSON-RPC 2.0 protocol versions. An adapter is specific per WSDL and therefore per Web service. After deployment no additional run-time configuration is needed.

Commit message:

Added Objective-C Code Stub Generation

README.md, after:

SOAP/JSON-RPC Adapter
=====================

This tool provides a solution for JSON-RPC clients to use SOAP Web services. The solution is designed as a group of Java servlets to run under Apache Tomcat. It consists of the *manager* servlet and one or more, independent *adapter* servlets.

In addition the Adapter generates easily usable Objective-C code stubs and an extensible X-Code sample project that enable easy integration of SOAP Web Services into iOS and OSX Applications, as well as rapid prototyping.


The manager
-------

The manager is a Web interface similar to the Apache Tomcat’s HTML Manager. The developer can access the manager using username and password and then deploy, start, stop, reload or undeploy adapters. To deploy an adapter the developer selects the template WAR file of the adapter, enters a name for the adapter instance and the URL of the respective WSDL. Respective sample Objective-C code is generated automatically and can be downloaded from each Adapters' status page. 


The adapter
-------

The adapter converts incoming JSON-RPC requests to SOAP requests and invokes the Web service. The SOAP responses from the Web service will be converted to JSON-RPC responses by the adapter and sent back to the client. The adapter generates JSON-RPC responses with the `error` object if an error occurs. It maps SOAP Faults to JSON-RPC responses with `error` objects. 

Furthermore, the adapter provides a workorund for SOAP Headers since many enterprise Web services often require a Header element in SOAP messages for authentication but JSON-RPC does not specify a similar element. For this purpose, the adapter expects a designated key `“SOAP-HEADER”` under `params` of the JSON-RPC request. The content of a SOAP Header should be stored there.  The remaining contents of `params` are the method parameters as usual. So, the clients should comply with this practice of the adapter and convey JSON-RPC requests of such structure. In case the Web service replies with a SOAP Header in the response, the adapter stores its contents under the `“SOAP-HEADER”` of the `result` in the JSON-RPC response. 

The adapter in its current state functions with SOAP 1.1, WSDL 1.1 and JSON-RPC 2.0 protocol versions. An adapter is specific per WSDL and therefore per Web service. After deployment no additional run-time configuration is needed.
